Add jandex-maven-plugin usage to gRPC Getting Started Guide (#19441)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/grpc-getting-started.adoc

Make sure you have `generate-code` goal of `quarkus-maven-plugin` enabled in your `pom.xml`.
If you wish to generate code from different `proto` files for tests, also add the `generate-code-tests` goal.
Please note that no additional task/goal is required for the Gradle plugin. Note that we're adding a Jandex index via `jandex-maven-plugin`,

> so that changes to gRPC/proto definitions are picked up and dependencies are automatically scanned for beans.

Reviewer: This text sounds like the Jandex plugin is required even if the gRPC classes are in the same jar as the application classes. This is not true.
The only situation in which it is required is when gRPC classes are in a dependency of the application. Then the dependency needs a Jandex index. 

I think this information would be best put in a separate section.

Author: Agreed that it sounds like it's required when it's not. I'll update stuff and put it in a separate section. Thanks

Author: fixed

> More information on this topic can be found on the link:cdi-reference#bean_discovery[Bean Discovery] section of the CDI guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More information on this topic can be found in the link:cdi-reference#bean_discovery[Bean Discovery] section of the CDI guide.
```

Author: done

                </execution>
            </executions>
        </plugin>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.jboss.jandex</groupId>
            <artifactId>jandex-maven-plugin</artifactId>

>             <version>1.1.0</version>

Reviewer 2: I think we need to make this an attribute, otherwise it will get outdated quite fast.

This needs to be done in several places:
- in the build-parent/pom.xml, we need a property for the Jandex Maven plugin (you'll see it's already defined in this file with an hardcoded property)
- then in docs/pom.xml, you need to pass it as an attribute (you already have a couple of examples)

Do you want to do it or should I?

Thanks!

Author: Good point, I'll update those files in a bit

Author: done

NOTE: This configuration instructs the `protobuf-maven-plugin` to generate the default gRPC classes and classes using Mutiny to fit with the Quarkus development experience.

IMPORTANT: When using `protobuf-maven-plugin`, instead of the `quarkus-maven-plugin`, every time you update the `proto` files, you need to re-generate the classes (using `mvn compile`).

> == Jandex Index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== gRPC classes from dependencies
```

Author: updated

> When gRPC classes are in a dependency of the application, then the dependency needs a Jandex index so that changes to gRPC/proto definitions are picked up properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When gRPC classes - the classes generated from `proto` files - are in a dependency of the application, then the dependency needs a Jandex index. 
```

Author: thanks, updated
